Catalogue Adjustments (#787)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/credential-data-model.rst

      - [NSD]. REQUIRED. URL string representing the Credential Issuer unique identifier.
      - `[RFC7519, Section 4.1.1] <https://www.iana.org/go/rfc7519>`_.
    * - **sub**

>       - [NSD]. OPTIONAL. The identifier of the subject of the Digital Credential, the User, MUST be opaque and MUST NOT correspond to any anagraphic data or be derived from the User's anagraphic data via pseudonymization. Additionally, it is required that two different Credentials issued MUST NOT use the same ``sub`` value.

Reviewer: why optional?

@fmarino-ipzs

Reviewer: according to sd-jwt vc, as mentioned by @andmoro, it is optional
https://github.com/italia/eid-wallet-it-docs/pull/787/files

     - [ISO 18013-5#7.2]

   * - **sub**

>      - *(uuid, OPTIONAL)*. Identifies the subject of the mdoc Digital Credential (the User). The identifier MUST be opaque, MUST NOT correspond to any anagraphic data, and MUST NOT be derived from the User's anagraphic data through pseudonymization. Additionally, different Credentials issued to the same User MUST NOT reuse the same `sub` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - *(uuid, OPTIONAL)*. Identifies the subject of the mdoc Digital Credential (the User). The identifier MUST be opaque, MUST NOT correspond to any anagraphic data, and MUST NOT be derived from the User's anagraphic data through pseudonymization. Additionally, different Credentials issued to the same User or to different Users MUST NOT use the same `sub` value.
```
